Of course, the biggest challenge of supply chain
management is to match supply to demand.
How do you ensure that you have enough inventory
without having too much?
First, it helps to understand exactly what inventory is.
Inventory is stock of any item or resource
used in an organization.
This can be anything from raw materials
used to create a product, to the people or resources
used to provide a service, such as IT support
for an organization's computer network.
This graphic visualizes the optimal order quantity.
The red line represents your annual holding,
or carrying costs, where the more you keep on hand,
the more it costs you in space and investment.
The blue line represents your annual ordering costs,
where the more you have on hand, the less you must order,
therefore, the lower your total ordering costs.
Total ordering costs include shipping costs
and handling costs, tangible and intangible.
The objective in the diagram is to minimize
the combined total cost represented by the green line.
The minimal costs point occur where the ordering costs
and holding costs are equal to one another, point Q.